## Glossary

# Glossary

This glossary includes information about key terms for Cortex products.

Analytics behavioral indicators of compromise

ABIOCs

In contrast to standard Analytics issues, ABIOCs indicate a single event
of suspicious behavior with an identified chain of causality. To
identify the context and chain of causality, ABIOCs leverage user,
endpoint, and network profiles. The profile is generated by the
Analytics Engine and can be based on a simple statistical profile or a
more complex machine-learning profile.

Attack Surface Management

ASM

ASM provides embedded attack surface management (ASM) capabilities for
an attacker's view of your organization, with asset discovery,
vulnerability assessment, and risk management.

Behavioral indicators of compromise

BIOCs

BIOCs enable you to respond to behaviors---tactics, techniques, and
procedures. Instead of hashes and other traditional indicators of
compromise, BIOC rules detect behavior such as is the behavior related
to processes, registry, files, and network activity.

Bring Your Own Machine Learning

BYOML

Cortex XSIAM introduces Bring Your Own Machine Learning (BYOML) with
Jupyter Notebooks, which unlocks the full potential of Cortex XSIAM as a
primary data platform.

Broker Virtual Machine

Broker VM

The Palo Alto Networks Broker is a secured virtual machine (VM),
integrated with Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM, that bridges your network
and the Cortex product. By setting up the broker, you establish a secure
connection in which you can route your endpoints, and collect and
forward logs and files for analysis.

Broker Virtual Machine Fully Qualified Domain Name

Broker VM FQDN

The Broker VM is where you define the Broker VM FQDN as it will be
defined in your Domain Name System (DNS). This enables connection
between the WEF and WEC, acting as the subscription manager. The Broker
VM FQDN settings affect the WEC and Agent Installer and Content Caching.

Case (formerly called Incident)

A case provides the full contextual story of a problem that impacts your
organization\'s security, giving you an end-to-end view of the problem
and streamlining your understanding of what needs to be solved and how.

Causality Group Owner

CGO

The causality chains are listed according to the CGO, also called the
causality actor. The CGO is the process that is responsible for all the
other processes, events, and issues in the chain.

Causality View

The Causality View provides a powerful way to analyze and respond to
issues. The scope of the Causality View is the Causality Instance
(CI) to which this issue pertains. The Causality View presents the issue
(generated by Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM or sent to Cortex XDR/Cortex
XSIAM from a supported issue source such as the XDR agent) and includes
the entire process execution chain that led up to the issue. On each
node in the CI chain, Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM provides information to
help you understand what happened around the issue.

Cloud Detection and Response

CDR

CDR analyzes cloud audit, flow, and container host logs together with
data from other sources for holistic detection and response across your
hybrid enterprise.

Cortex Data Model

XDM

The XDM enables you to map your logs into a single, unified data model.
This data model provides a consolidated schema, and a simpler way to
interact with your data.

Cortex Query Language

XQL

XQL enables you to query for information contained in a wide variety of
data sources in Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM for rigorous endpoint and
network event analysis.

Cortex Unified CLI

The Cortex Unified CLI (CLI) provides a unified command interface for
efficiently scanning your Cloud Workload Protection (CWP), AppSec API
Security environments with a single installation, enabling you to
seamlessly integrate security checks into your development process.

Dataset

A dataset is a collection of column:value sets and has a unique name.
Every Cortex Query Language query begins by identifying a dataset that
the query will run against. If you do not specify a dataset in your
query,  the query runs against the default datasets configured.

Elasticsearch Filebeat

See .

Endpoint Detection and Response

EDR

With Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR), enterprises rely on endpoint
data as a means to trigger cybersecurity cases. As cybercriminals and
their tactics have become more sophisticated, the time to identify and
contain breaches has only increased. Cortex Extended Detection and
Response (XDR) goes beyond the traditional EDR approach of using only
endpoint data to identify and respond to threats by applying machine
learning across all your enterprise, network, cloud, and endpoint data.
This approach enables you to quickly find and stop targeted attacks and
insider abuse and remediate compromised endpoints.

Endpoint Protection Platform

EPP

Prevents endpoint attacks with a proven endpoint agent that blocks
exploits, malware, and fileless attacks and collects full telemetry for
detection and response.

Events

Events are logged activities that occur in your environment.

Exception

To allow full granularity, Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM enables you to create
exceptions from your baseline policy. With these exceptions you can
remove specific folders or paths from evaluation, or disable specific
security modules. You can configure exception rules for Cortex
XDR/Cortex XSIAM protection and prevention actions in a centralized
location, and apply them across multiple profiles. The exceptions can be
configured from Settings \> Exception Configuration.

Exception vs Issue Exclusion (formerly called Alert Exclusion)

Exceptions enables to you create exceptions from your baseline policy,
so you can remove specific folders or paths from evaluation, or disable
specific security modules. You can configure exception rules for Cortex
XDR/Cortex XSIAM protection and prevention actions in a centralized
location, and apply them across multiple profiles. While an Issue
Exclusion is a rule that contains a set of issue match criteria that you
want to suppress from Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM. You can add an Issue
Exclusion rule from scratch or you can base the exclusion off of issues
that you investigate in a case.

Extended Detection and Response

XDR

Gathers telemetry from any source for unrivaled detection coverage and
accuracy, with the highest number of technique-level detections in the
2022 MITRE ATT&CK evaluations.

External Dynamic List

EDL

An EDL is a hosted text file. In Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM/Cortex XSOAR,
you can configure an EDL to share a list of Cortex XDR/Cortex
XSIAM/Cortex XSOAR indicators with other products in your network, such
as a firewall or SIEM. For example, your Palo Alto Networks firewall can
add IP address and domain data from the EDL to block or allow lists.

Filebeat

Elasticsearch Filebeat, also called Filebeat, is a type of log source
that can be ingested by Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM. Depending on the type
of Elasticsearch Filebeat logs that you want to ingest, a different data
source is used.

Findings

Findings are non-actionable, informational objects that provide context
about the current state of the assets in your environment.

Forensics

Allows you to perform forensic analysis easily by collecting all the
artifacts you need and displaying them in an intuitive forensics
console.

Fully Qualified Domain Name

FQDN

A FQDN, sometimes also referred to as an absolute domain name, is a
domain name that specifies its exact location in the tree hierarchy of
the Domain Name System (DNS).

Identity Threat Detection and Response

ITDR

An add-on license available for purchase on top of either the Cortex XDR
Pro licenses or both Cortex XSIAM Enterprise and Cortex XSIAM Premium
licenses. Enables Asset Roles Configuration, Advanced Analytics Issue
layout, Risk Management Dashboard, User/Host Risk View, Designated
Analytics for Compromised Accounts, and Insider Threat Coverage.

Indicators of compromise

IOCs

IOCs provide the ability to alert known malicious objects on endpoints
across the organization. You can load IOC lists from various
threat-intelligence sources into the product or define them
individually.

Issue (formerly called Alert)

Issues identify the problems that you need to solve in your
environment. Cortex XSIAM creates issues when problems occur in your
environment that cross defined thresholds, or surpass your
organization\'s accepted level of risk and threat tolerance.

Issue Exclusion (formerly called Alert Exclusion)

An issue exclusion is a rule that contains a set of issue match criteria
that you want to suppress from Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM. You can add an
Issue Exclusion rule from scratch or you can base the exclusion off of
issues that you investigate in a case. After you create an exclusion
rule, Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM excludes and no longer saves any of the
future issues that match the criteria from cases and search query
results. If you select to apply the policy to historic results as well
as future issues, Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM identifies the historic issues
as grayed out.

IT Metrics Dashboard

The IT Metrics dashboard in Cortex XSIAM displays an overview
of IT performance on your Cortex XDR Agent. On the dashboard you can
review CPU and memory performance data, connectivity data, and data
about hard reboots and crashed applications. The dashboard comprises a
number of widgets.

Managed Threat Hunting

MTH

The Managed Threat Hunting service offers round-the-clock monitoring
from Unit 42 experts to discover attacks anywhere in your organization.
Our threat hunters work on your behalf to discover advanced threats,
such as state-sponsored attackers, cybercriminals, malicious insiders
and malware.

Management, Reporting, and Compliance

Simplifies operations, centralizing all configuration, monitoring, and
reporting functions, including endpoint policy management,
orchestration, and response.

Master Boot Record Protection

MBR Protection

Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM includes an improved detection engine on the
Cortex XDR agent to enhance its protection against malicious Master Boot
Record (MBR) manipulations.

MITRE ATT&CK Framework Coverage Dashboard

The MITRE ATT&CK Framework Coverage dashboard displays a comprehensive
overview of the Cortex XSIAM content and capabilities in context with
the MITRE ATT&CK framework. This dashboard enables you to see a
breakdown of the protection modules and detection rules in place for
each MITRE tactic and technique. You can use the dashboard to review the
elements that affect your coverage, and identify coverage gaps in your
framework.

Next-Generation Firewall

NGFW

You can forward firewall data from your NGFW and Panorama devices.

Notebooks

Cortex XSIAM Notebooks enable you to analyze and visualize the extensive
data collected by Cortex XSIAM. Using Jupyter tools, you can build
machine learning models to visualize clusters, identify anomalies, and
then feed your findings back into the Cortex XSIAM environment to
generate security insights.

On-write File Protection

Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM provides out-of-the-box On-write File Protection
for Windows, which monitors and takes action on malicious files during
the on-write process.

Playbook

A playbook is a high-level automation tool that coordinates multiple
tasks or actions in a workflow. Playbooks are a series of tasks,
conditions, automations, conditions, commands, and loops that run in a
predefined flow to save time and improve the efficiency and results of
the investigation and response process.

Posture Cases

Cortex Cloud Posture Cases group together issues and findings that can
be resolved with a single fix, helping your security team focus on
issues with the most impactful outcomes. Cases are prioritized based on
security context and issues.

Prisma

Prisma is another Cortex product that can be integrated to Cortex
XDR/Cortex XSIAM. For example, you can receive issues from Prisma Cloud
Compute and forwarded data from Prisma Access.

Script

A script performs specific actions and can be comprised of integration
commands, which are used in playbook tasks and when running automation
on demand in the War Room.

Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response

SOAR

Automates nearly any use case with hundreds of built-in playbooks and
offers customization with a visual drag-and-drop playbook editor.

Security Information and Event Management

SIEM

Delivers all common SIEM functions, including log management,
correlation and alerting, reporting, and long-term data retention.

Threat Intel Management

TIM

Aggregates, scores, and distributes threat intelligence data to
third-party tools and enriches alerts for context and attribution.

User and Entity Behavior Analytics

UEBA

Uses machine learning and behavioral analysis to profile users and
entities and alert on behaviors that may indicate a compromised account
or malicious insider.

Unified Extensible Firmware Interface Protection

UEFI Protection

Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM provides out-of-the-box UEFI protection on
Windows. When Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM detects UEFI manipulation
attempts, the Cortex XDR agent carries out the configured action
(default is Block).

Virtual Machine

See .

Vulnerability Assessment

VA

Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM vulnerability assessment enables you to identify
and quantify the security vulnerabilities on an endpoint in Cortex
XDR/Cortex XSIAM. Relying on the information from Cortex XDR/Cortex
XSIAM, you can easily mitigate and patch these vulnerabilities on all
endpoints in your organization.

Windows Event Collector

WEC

The WEC runs on the Broker VM in Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM collecting
event logs from Windows Servers, including Domain Controllers (DCs). The
WEC can be deployed in multiple setups, and can be connected directly to
multiple event generators (DCs or Windows Servers) or routed using one
or more WECs. Behind each WEC there may be multiple generating sources.

XDR Collector

XDRC

The XDRC
is dedicated for on-premise data collection on Windows and Linux machines
included with Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM. The XDR collector includes
a dedicated installer, a collector upgrade configuration, content
updates, and policy management. The XDRC is a data collector that
gathers and processes logs and events from multiple sources. It
leverages Elasticsearch Filebeat, a lightweight log shipper, to collect
log data from various systems and applications. Additionally, Winlogbeat
gathers Windows event logs, ensuring comprehensive visibility into
Windows environments. These components facilitate centralized analysis,
threat detection, and investigation across the Cortex XDR/Cortex XSIAM
ecosystem. Note that the XDR Collector is distinct from the XDR agent.

XSIAM Command Center

The XSIAM Command Center dashboard provides a dynamic overview of your
security operations process, and supports drilldowns to additional
dashboards and dedicated pages. The dashboard visualizes the current
status of your tenant and its activity during the selected timeframe.
Click on any element to drilldown to dashboards or pages displaying data
filtered by your selection.

# Configure Cortex XSIAM

