## Set up Cloud Identity Engine

The Cloud Identity Engine provides both user identification and user
authentication for a centralized cloud-based solution in on-premise,
cloud-based, or hybrid network environments. The Cloud Identity Engine
allows you to write security policy based on users and groups, not IP
addresses, and helps secure your assets by enforcing behavior-based
security actions. It also provides the flexibility to adapt to changing
security needs and users by making it simpler to configure an identity
source or provider in a single unified source of user identity, allowing
scalability as needs change. By continually syncing the information from
your directories, whether they are on-premise, cloud-based, or hybrid,
ensures that your user information is accurate and up to date and policy
enforcement continues based on the mappings even if the cloud identity
provider is temporarily unavailable.

To provide user, group, and computer information for policy or event
context, Palo Alto Networks cloud-based applications and services need
access to your directory information. The Cloud Identity Engine, a
secure cloud-based infrastructure, provides Palo Alto Networks apps and
services with read-only access to your directory information for user
visibility and policy enforcement. The components of the Cloud Identity
Engine deployment vary based on whether the Cloud Identity Engine is
accessing an on-premises directory (such as Active Directory) or a
cloud-based directory (such as Azure Active Directory).

The authentication component of the Cloud Identity Engine allows you to
configure a profile for a SAML 2.0-based identity provider (IdP) that
authenticates users by redirecting their access requests through the IdP
before granting access. You can also configure a client certificate for
user authentication. When you configure an Authentication policy and the
Authentication Portal on the Palo Alto Networks firewall, users must log
in with their credentials before they can access the resource.

### Guidelines for using Cloud Identity Engine with Cortex XSIAM

Keep in mind the following guidelines:

- Cloud Identity Engine is an optional service.

- Cloud Identity Engine must be activated in the same region as Cortex
  XSIAM.

- You can use Active Directory information in policy configuration and
  endpoint management.

- Cortex XSIAM supports on-premises Active Directory and Microsoft
  Entra.

- You can use XQL Query to query the data using
  the `pan_dss_raw` dataset.

### Activate Cloud Identity Engine

Activating a Cloud Identity Engine instance on your  Cortex
XSIAM account will allow you to pair your Cortex XSIAM tenant with the
Active Directory information collected by the Cloud Identity Engine
instance. Follow the instructions
[here](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cloud-identity/cloud-identity-engine-getting-started/get-started-with-the-cloud-identity-engine/activate-the-cloud-identity-engine).

### Configure Cortex XSIAM with Cloud Identity Engine

After you complete the activation steps, wait about ten minutes and do
the following:

1.  Log in to Cortex XSIAM.

2.  Select Settings \> Configuration \> Integrations \> Cloud Identity
    Engine.

3.  In the **Add Cloud Identity Engine** dialog box, select the instance
    name and click **Save**.

### Risk sharing between Cortex XSIAM and the Cloud Identity Engine

Integrate Cortex XSIAM with the Cloud Identity Engine (CIE) to enable
dynamic user grouping and access control based on real-time risk
assessments. This integration leverages historical events and alerts
from Cortex XSIAM to continuously evaluate user and host risk,
synchronizing the insights with CIE to support adaptive policy
enforcement. When an Okta tenant with an Identity Threat Protection
(ITP) license is available, CIE can be connected to Okta to create and
apply adaptive policies directly within the Okta environment, based on
Cortex Risky users sharing, ensuring responsive and risk-based identity
management.

Before you activate the integration, you must complete the onboarding in
the Cloud Identity Engine.

1.  Configure Cortex XSIAM with Cloud Identity Engine. For more
    information, see [Configure Cortex XSIAM with Cloud Identity
    Engine.](#Xcc4e0f050f5e56c57823358b5f8cba4795eb506)

2.  In the Cloud Identity Engine, onboard the relevant directories,
    Active Directory, Entra ID, or Okta. For more information, see
    [Choose Your Directory
    Type](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cloud-identity/cloud-identity-engine-getting-started/choose-directory-type).

3.  In Cortex XSIAM, go to Settings \> Configuration \> Integrations \>
    Cloud Identity Engine and select
    **Activate risk signal sharing to CIE**.

- > **Note**

  > The **Activate risk signal sharing to CIE** checkbox is available
  > only after the second step is completed.

