## Vulnerability management

### Vulnerability management in Cortex XSIAM

Managing vulnerabilities effectively is crucial to proactively
maintaining the security, integrity, and availability of IT
infrastructure. Cortex XSIAM provides a comprehensive vulnerability
management platform, helping you identify, assess, prioritize, and
remediate security vulnerabilities across your entire IT infrastructure
including endpoints, code, and cloud.

Cortex XSIAM leverages advanced detection techniques, real-time threat
intelligence, and automated workflows to streamline the vulnerability
management process. This allows your security team to focus on the most
critical issues, reduce risk exposure, and ensure compliance with
industry standards and regulations.

Cortex XSIAM helps identify and prevent vulnerabilities across the
entire application lifecycle, while prioritizing risk for your
cloud-native environments. Integrate vulnerability management into any
CI process, while continuously monitoring, identifying, and preventing
risks to all the hosts and images in your environment. Cortex XSIAM
combines vulnerability detection with an always up-to-date threat feed
and knowledge about your runtime deployments to prioritize risks
specifically for your environment.

> **Note**
>
> Cortex XSIAM vulnerability management provides the ability to identify
> and assess runtime vulnerabilities in every asset across traditional
> IT and cloud environments. For vulnerabilities detected in your
> software development lifecycle through application security scans,
> refer to the
> [#UUIDf760c2261e3a4b3bf35ca5318425ad6f](#UUIDf760c2261e3a4b3bf35ca5318425ad6f)documentation.

#### Cortex XSIAM vulnerability concepts

##### Vulnerability

A vulnerability is a CVE or other known software security weakness that
can occur in a network or system. Vulnerabilities are typically defined
by the National Vulnerability Database (NVD) and other established
security information sources, such as Github Security Advisory or RedHat
Security Advisory.

> **Note**
>
> CVE is an acronym for Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures, which is a
> list of publicly disclosed security threats. We often use the term
> \"CVE\" to refer to a vulnerability that has been a assigned a CVE ID.
> Cortex XSIAM identifies CVEs and non-CVE vulnerabilities.

##### Vulnerability findings

A vulnerability finding is a specific instance of a vulnerability that
was discovered in your system through a vulnerability scan. Findings
include both actionable and informational context, including information
about the asset on which the vulnerability was discovered. Some findings
might be critical and should be addressed as soon as possible, others
are less important and won't require any action at all. Cortex XSIAM
applies vulnerability policies to findings to prioritize them and create
issues for the ones that are most critical to remediate.

##### Vulnerability issues

Cortex XSIAM creates a vulnerability issue when a specific instance of a
vulnerability in your environment matches a vulnerability policy. Each
issue has a priority, assignee, progress status associated with it.
Issues also provide contextual information about the asset on which the
issue is found, exploitability, and other information required for
remediation and mitigation.

#### Vulnerability Management dashboard

Vulnerability management analysts and managers can use the
**Vulnerability Management** dashboard to visualize their most pressing
risks, changes to risk over time, and remediation progress.

Navigate to **Posture Management \> Vulnerability Management ** and
select **View Full Dashboard** to see the detailed view.

### Vulnerability policies

A vulnerability policy defines the action you want to take for a
specific set of vulnerability findings that match your policy criteria.
Cortex XSIAM provides a set of predefined vulnerability policies based
on CVSS severity, EPSS severity, and vulnerabilities confirmed through
Attack Surface Testing. You can also create custom policies based on
your unique business requirements. Custom policies allow you to focus on
the risks that matter most to your organization. Some examples of custom
vulnerability policies include the following:

- A policy that creates issues with a severity of **critical** for
  findings that have a CVSS score of 9 or more

- A policy that creates issues with a severity of **low** for findings
  that appear on dev servers

- A policy that specifies not to create issues for findings on assets in
  the asset group **Leased to customers**

- A policy which creates issues with a severity of **critical** for
  vulnerabilities that appear on the CISA KEV list **and** are in the
  asset group called **Production Servers**, regardless of CVSS score.

- A policy that prevents an image that contains code with a CVE with an
  EPSS score greater than 90% from being deployed to the Kubernetes
  cluster

Each time a new vulnerability finding is discovered, the system compares
that finding to your vulnerability policies to determine whether one of
the policies is a match. Vulnerability policies have an evaluation
order, which means the system starts by evaluating the finding against
the first policy. If it does not match, the second policy is evaluated
for a match. As soon as a finding matches a policy, no further policies
are evaluated for that finding.

The following sections describe the elements that make up a
vulnerability policy:

#### Policy conditions and scope

Vulnerability policy conditions and scope define the specific set of
findings that a policy applies to. You define the conditions by
configuring a filter with criteria for including and excluding findings.
You define scope by creating one or more Asset Groups and adding assets
to those groups in the Assets view. Once the Asset Groups are created
you may select one or more of them in the policy creation process, this
will limit the scope of that policy to only the assets in the chosen
asset groups.

#### Policy actions

Policy actions are the actions the policy will perform automatically on
vulnerability findings that match the policy conditions and scope. There
are two types of policy actions, issue creation and prevention.

Issue creation actions

Issue creation actions either create an issue and set the issue severity
for matching findings or or ignore matching findings and do not create
an issue.

Prevention actions

Prevention actions prevent vulnerabilities from being introduced into
your systems by failing a build or blocking deployment. Available
actions are described in the table below.

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Type of prevention      Action                  Description
  action                                          
  ----------------------- ----------------------- --------------------------
  Kubernetes pod actions  Block new deployments   New deployments are
                                                  blocked by the Kubernetes
                                                  Admission Controller when
                                                  vulnerabilities matching
                                                  the policy conditions are
                                                  detected in an image. This
                                                  requires that the agent be
                                                  installed and activated.

  Kubernetes pod actions  Do nothing              No action will be taken
                                                  for matching findings on
                                                  Kubernetes clusters with
                                                  Kubernetes Admission
                                                  Controller activated.

  Build actions           Fail the build          Fails the build in your
                                                  CI/CD system when an
                                                  attempt is made to check
                                                  in code that includes a
                                                  vulnerability that matches
                                                  the policy conditions.
                                                  This requires that the
                                                  agent be installed and
                                                  activated on your CI/CD
                                                  system.

  Build actions           Do nothing              No action will be taken
                                                  for matching findings from
                                                  code repository assets
                                                  where the agent is
                                                  activated.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Policy order

The order of policies in the policy list is important. Policies are
executed in order from top to bottom, and the first policy that matches
a finding determines the action on that finding. After that first match,
no other policies are evaluated. We recommend placing your most
important and most specific policies toward the top of the list and
wider-reaching, more generic policies towards the bottom of the policy
list.

Policy 0 is the **Globally Ignored CVEs, Assets, and Asset Groups**
policy. It includes a list of CVEs and assets for which Cortex XSIAM
will not create vulnerability issues. You can update the
**Globally Ignored CVEs, Assets, and Asset Groups** policy by adding or
removing CVEs, asset groups, and assets, but you cannot move the policy
down list to change order.

#### Create a vulnerability policy

Before creating a policy, be sure to review the information in the
[Vulnerability Policies](#UUIDd48badaed793601045c70fe385a252e4) section.

1.  Navigate to Posture Management \> Rules & Policies \> Policies \>
    Vulnerability Management.

2.  Click **+Add Policy** and select one of the options:

    - **Create a policy for issue creation**

    - **Create a policy for prevention**

3.  Add a **Policy Name** and, optionally, a **Description**, and then
    click Next.

4.  Set the policy conditions by creating a query that defines the
    specific findings for which the policy will create issues. Your
    policy can specify which findings to include and which to exclude.

- Preview the list of findings that match your policy. If the results
  look correct, click **Next**.

5.  Define the policy scope by selecting one or more asset groups from
    the dropdown menu. If you don\'t choose an asset group, the policy
    will apply to all assets.

- If you want to create a new asset group,
  click** Create New Asset Group** to open the **Asset Groups** page in
  a new browser tab. Click **+ Add Group** and follow the instructions
  in the wizard. After you\'ve created the new asset group, go back to
  your original tab and finish creating your policy with new asset
  group.

  Click **Next**.

6.  Choose the action that will be executed on the findings that match
    the policy. If you select
    **Create an issue for each matching finding**, you must also select
    the issue severity that will be applied to those issues. You can
    base the severity of the issue on the severity of the underlying CVE
    by selecting **Use Default CVE Severity** in the dropdown menu.

7.  Click **Done**.

- The policy wizard will close, and you will be redirected back to the
  **Vulnerability Policies** page.

8.  Set the order of evaluation for the policy.

- By default new policies are added to bottom of the policy list. To
  move a policy up or down in the list, click and hold the arrows in the
  **Name **column and drag the policy to the desired position in the
  list.

  We recommend placing wider-reaching, more generic policies towards the
  bottom of the policy list, and more specific policies towards the top
  of the list.

  Click **Save**.

#### Update the Ignored CVEs, Asset Groups, and Assets policy

Policy number 0 in the policy list is the
**Ignored CVEs, Asset Groups, and Assets** policy.  This policy contains
a list of vulnerabilities and assets for which Cortex XSIAM will not
create vulnerability issues. Findings will still be created for these
vulnerabilities and assets, and you can review those on the
**Vulnerabilities **and** Vulnerable Assets** pages. You can update the
**Ignored CVEs, Asset Groups, and Assets** policy at any time by using
the following steps to add or remove assets, asset groups, and CVEs.

1.  Navigate to Posture Management \> Rules & Policies \> Policies \>
    Vulnerability Management.

2.  The first policy in the policy list is the
    **Ignored CVEs, Asset Groups, and Assets** policy. Click on that
    policy to open the policy wizard.

3.  Add or remove vulnerabilities, asset groups, and assets as needed.
    Click **Next**.

    - To add CVEs, asset groups, or assets, use the search bar in each
      section to find the value you are looking for, and select it to
      add it to the list.

    - To remove CVEs, asset groups, or assets, click the **X** to the
      right of each item in the list.

4.  Review the **Results Preview** to see the list of findings that will
    not generate issues. If the list looks correct, click **Done**.

#### Modify a vulnerability policy

1.  Navigate to Posture Management \> Rules & Policies \> Vulnerability
    Management.

2.  Select either the **Issue Creation** or **Prevention **tab,
    depending on the type of policy you want to modify.

3.  Click on the name of the policy in the policy list to open the
    policy wizard. You can also right-click anywhere in the row and
    select **Edit**.

4.  Follow the steps in the wizard to update the policy.

#### Enable or disable a vulnerability policy

After disabling a policy, no new issues will be created or actions taken
for new findings that match the policy.

1.  Navigate to Posture Management \> Rules & Policies \> Vulnerability
    Management.

2.  Select either the Issue Creation or Prevention tab, depending on the
    type of policy you want to modify.

3.  Right-click anywhere in the row for that policy and select
    **Enable** or **Disable**.

### Investigate and remediate vulnerabilities

Cortex XSIAM provides several ways to view and track vulnerability data
so you can monitor, investigate, and remediate vulnerabilities in your
environment.

#### View all Vulnerabilities

The **Vulnerabilites **page displays all your vulnerabilities grouped by
CVE or other vulnerability ID. This view shows you how prevalent each
vulnerability is in your environment. The **Vulnerabilities **page
includes key information about each vulnerability, with links to the
related lists of instances (also called findings), related issues, and
impacted assets.

Go to Posture Management \> Vulnerability Management \> Vulnerabilities.

#### View vulnerability issues

The **Vulnerability Issues** page displays all vulnerability issues
along with critical vulnerability intelligence and context so you can
assign an issue to an owner, investigate, remediate, and track progress.
Click on an issue in the table to display the issue details.

Go to Posture Management \> Vulnerability Management \> Vulnerability
Issues.

#### View All Vulnerability Findings

A vulnerability finding is a specific instance of a vulnerability that
was discovered in your environment. The **All Vulnerability Findings**
page lists every instance of every vulnerability that was discovered in
your environment.

Go to Posture Management \> Vulnerability Management \> Vulnerability
Issues and click the **All Vulnerability Findings** button.

#### View vulnerable assets

The** Vulnerable Assets** page displays all assets with a vulnerability
finding. This view enables you to prioritize vulnerabilities by asset
and asset type and focus on assets most critical to fix. The
**Vulnerable Assets** list provides links to the findings and issues for
each asset. Click on an asset in the table to see the asset details.

Go to Posture Management \> Vulnerability Management \> Vulnerable
Assets.

### Vulnerability Intelligence

Vulnerability Intelligence is a real-time feed that contains
vulnerability data and threat intelligence from a variety of certified
upstream sources. This feed continuously pulls data from known
vulnerability databases, official vendor feeds and commercial providers
to provide the most accurate vulnerability detection results.

In addition to the information collected from official feeds,
Vulnerability Intelligence is enriched with data curated by a dedicated
research team. Our security researchers monitor cloud and open-source
projects to identify security issues through automated and manual means.
As a result, we can detect new vulnerabilities that were only recently
disclosed, and even vulnerabilities that were quietly patched.

Vulnerability Intelligence provides comprehensive, actionable
information including the following:

- CVE metadata, such as description, impact, severity, and CVSS v2/v3
  Scores

- CPE and product information, such as affected packages, versions, and
  OS

- Exploit intelligence, such as Exploit Availability, maturity,
  exploitability and EPSS scores

**How to view Vulnerability Intelligence**

1.  Navigate to Posture Management \> Vulnerability Management \>
    Vulnerability Intelligence.

2.  (Optional) Click a row in the** Vulnerability Intelligence** table
    to view detailed information about the vulnerability.

- The details page has an **Overview **tab, which provides information
  about the vulnerability and an **Affected Software** tab, which shows
  information about all the software packages impacted by the
  vulnerability.

### Recast CVSS scores and CVSS severities

In some situations, you might decide that a specific vulnerability poses
a different level of risk to your environment than what is reflected in
the original CVSS score or CVSS severity. In Cortex XSIAM you can
override the CVSS score or severity within the platform. Customizing
CVSS scores and severities enables you to align your risk management
approach with your unique context and priorities.

When a CVSS score or severity is recast, the change is applied
platform-wide, updating both existing and new vulnerability findings.
This ensures consistency in how vulnerabilities are assessed and managed
across the organization. After the CVSS score or severity is updated,
the system automatically updates all affected findings within about one
hour.

You can view the original CVSS score and severity and new values on the
vulnerability details page in Vulnerability Intelligence.

**How to recast the CVSS score and CVSS severity of a vulnerability**

1.  Navigate to Posture Management \> Vulnerability Management \>
    Vulnerability Intelligence.

2.  Use the filters to find the vulnerability in
    the** Vulnerability Intelligence** table.

3.  Click in the row for the vulnerability to open the vulnerability
    details panel.

4.  Click the Options icon in the upper right corner and select
    **Override Severity or CVSS**.

5.  Enter the new severity and score, and then click **Save**.

#### View vulnerabilities with overridden CVSS severities and scores

Perform these steps to display the complete list of vulnerabilities with
overridden CVSS severities and CVSS scores.

1.  Navigate to Posture Management \> Vulnerability Management \>
    Vulnerability Intelligence.

2.  Click the **Show Overridden CVSS** button in the upper right corner.

- You could also use the filter **Severity Source**
  *Contains ***Custom Override** to display the list of vulnerabilities
  with overrides.

